add new s2s filter (#46)
hmcts/service-auth-provider-java-client: README.md

   }
``` 
## Configuration for Service Authentication filter
The following values must be provided to enable a ServiceAuthFilter bean:
```yaml
idam:
  s2s-authorised:
    services: microservice1, microservice2
```

> ServiceAuthFilter bean is OncePerRequestFilter filter that you can add to your filter chain to authorise service 

Reviewer: shouldn't it be a 403? 401 means I can't authenticate you, 403 means I know who you are but you aren't allowed access?

Author: @smathangi and myself went back and forth on this, I think we kept it the way the previous filter was working. Now you again started discussion on semantics of this, I have changed the code accordingly to  http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7235#section-3.1 and http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6.5.3.

Reviewer: thanks for fixing it, looks better now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ServiceAuthFilter bean is a `OncePerRequestFilter` filter that you can add to your filter chain to authorise service 
```

   }
``` 

> ##Configuration for Service Authentication filter

Reviewer: Space missing

Author: Intellij didn't complain  👍

> The following values must be provided to enable a ServiceAuthFilter bean:

Reviewer: What does the filter do? (I know what It does but that’s missing here)

Author: ok get it, I have added some more information.

   }
``` 
## Configuration for Service Authentication filter
The following values must be provided to enable a ServiceAuthFilter bean:
```yaml
idam:
  s2s-authorised:
    services: microservice1, microservice2
```
ServiceAuthFilter bean is OncePerRequestFilter filter that you can add to your filter chain to authorise service 

> request. The filter will expect 'ServiceAuthorization' Bearer token as part of the request header that it will consume 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
request. The filter will expect a header with '`ServiceAuthorization: Bearer <token>`' as part of the request header that it will consume 
```

to approve the request. Any requests from services that are not in your authorised services list will deny access 

> to your service and return an HTTP response status code 403 (forbidden) and for any other reasons if the token is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to your service, returning an HTTP response status code 403 (forbidden) and for any other reasons if the token is
```

Author: Thanks 👍
